# 01 Ponder : Weekly Reflection

1. Describe one challenge your team experienced working on the Hello World activity.

	The only real chalenges we faced in the team activity was getting java downloaded and installed,
	and getting used to useing Inellij.

2. For the NSA Cryptography assignment, what did you learn about how Java parameter passing differs from C++?

	I learned that in java all of the objects that we use are actually pointers to objects. so if I
	pass an object to a function which then uses one of the methods to change the object. Than my
	original object will be alterd. However if I just alter the pointer that I am using (as an
	example if I create a new instance of the object using new. I only update my local pointer. Thus
	the original object is unchanged.)

3. Did you complete the Stretch Challenge for the NSA Cryptography? If so, briefly describe what you did, and how you structured your code.

	No I didn't

4. What did you learn from comparing your code to the teacher's solution?

	I learned about how to implement javadocs

5. After completing the assignments this week, what questions do you still have?

	I would like to understand more about throwing and catching exceptions. especially in the
	instructor code I saw this code and did not understand it.
		public WeakPasswordException(String message) {
			super(message);
		}

6. If you were getting paid to work on this week's Prove assignment and you had another month to work on it, what would you add?

	I would add more error handeling.

7. A common Java interview question is "What are javadocs and when should they be used?". How would you answer that question?

	javadocs are a standerdized documentation method that provides for more useful, readable, and
	interactive comments throughout the code.

8. Of all of the resources in this week's Preparation assignment, which was the _most_ helpful to you and why?

	The most useful resorce for me was the NSALoginController.java file. It provided acutal java code
	in a way that invited me to dig into it and begin to understand it better.

9. Of all of the resources in this week's Preparation assignment, which was the _least_ helpful to you and why?

	I thought it was all helpful the only thing that really changed how much it helped me was how
	much time I spent diggin into it.

10. How many hours did you spend on this class this week?

01 Prepare - 10min
01 Teach - 40min
01 Prove 1st Attempt - 2 hours
01 Prove 2nd Attempt -
01 Ponder - 30 min
----------------------------
Total Hours - 3hr 20min
