# 02 Ponder : Weekly Reflection
Ponder : Weekly Reflection

1. Describe one challenge your team experienced working on the Vacation Calendar activity.
	Most of the problems that we faced were just due to figuring out how to use intelliJ, how to do
	packages, how to have the main class file, how to correctly do the imports.

2. For the Game of Life assignment, what advantages do you see in using interfaces to define creature behaviors, rather than subclasses?
	Using interfaces was very useful in writing code that could operate on a list of generic objects
	and only have the desired effect on the objects that the code applied to .

3. Did you complete the Stretch Challenge for the Game of Life Assignment? If so, briefly describe what you did, and how you structured your code.
	No I didn't.

4. What did you learn from comparing your code to the teacher's solution?
	I didn't spend very much time in comparing so I did not learn much.

5. After completing the assignments this week, what questions do you still have?
	I don't have any.

6. If you were getting paid to work on this week's Prove assignment and you had another month to work on it, what would you add?
	I would ad some kind of user interface portion. Something to make it so that a person could
	change the properties or behavior of the game without changing the code. Either a way to set up
	the conditions of the game while or just before playing. Or a way to control a creature in the
	game.

7. A common Java interview question is "describe the difference between an interface and an abstract class". How would you answer that question?
	An abstract class can still have defined methods. However an interface just identifies common
	behaviors without actually implementing any of the methods. Thus an interface has ALL abstract
	methods.

8. Of all of the resources in this week's Preparation assignment, which was the _most_ helpful to you and why?
	The resource that was most useful to me was simply going to javadocs. Whenever I needed to look
	up a method or behavior of an object. That was where I turned.

9. Of all of the resources in this week's Preparation assignment, which was the _least_ helpful to you and why?
	Assigned reading in forums is not very helpful for me. It is hard for me to really dig into a QA
	forum when I am not going to it looking for a specific answer.

10. How many hours did you spend on this class this week?

02 Prepare - 30 min
02 Teach - 1 hr
02 Prove 1st Attempt - 2 hr
02 Prove 2nd Attempt - 2 hr
02 Ponder - 30 min
----------------------------
Total Hours - 6 hr

